Are your menstrual
periods regular?
Yeah, so, I get them every four
weeks, and it's never late.
Do you use contraceptives?
Just condoms,
most of the time,
but I've never used
anything else.
Your baby's expected date of
birth is November 9th or 10th.
That would make you about
20 weeks pregnant now.
Okay. Yeah, that
sounds about right.
So, now I'm going to do your
vital signs to see how you
and the baby are
doing. Is that okay?
Sure.
I'm going to need you
to remove your jacket.
It's important to be
still while we do your
blood pressure.
Your blood pressure is 98/63.
Do you know what your
blood pressure normally is?
Oh, yeah, so, six months ago,
at my doctor's, it was 120/80.